
Tuesday October 13:
	We met around 2:30 pm. Time approx. 2hrs.	
  Discussed: how to approach the project for example figuring out our roles and milestones etc. 
  Some specifics about our project.
  Getting ready for the “Project proposal presentations”.

Wednesday October 14: 
  Get together before the class to finalize the proposal presentation slides.
  Time approx. 20 minutes.
  
Friday October 16: (1 hour)
    Brainstormed for survey questioner and data mining approach of the project

Sunday October 25:
    Met with Jason for preparing  Survey questioner
    Time Approx. 1.30 hrs
    
Sunday November 1:
	Met with the group for an Hour( 1HR) and discussed about:
	the upcomming oral presentation, assign tasks to each member, talk about the survey.
	
Monday November 2:(4 hrs)
	Search comparisons between Dropbox and Google Drive and post the result in point form.
	
Thursday November 5: (2 hrs)
	worked on survey results and brainstormed ideas for the project in general.

Thursday November 12: about (4 hrs)
	Find academic paper on Google Drive, work on Literature review on Google Drive.

Friday November 13: (4 hrs)
	Worked on Progress Report, Related Works, Software Comparison(Google drive), Survey Result and citing references.
	
November 19: (1.5 hrs)
    Group meeting and meeting with professor Storey regarding overall direction of the project

Saturday November 28: about (4 hrs)
	Worked on: 
		mock Up folder(list of changes to implement)
		Contributed some User testing Questions
		Create some scenarios.

Sunday November 29: (3 hrs)
	Group meeting:Worked on and redesign Mockup.

Monday November 30: (2 hrs)
	Group meeting:Worked on Final Report overall.
	
Monday November 30: (3.5 hrs)
	Worked on: 
		User testing of Dropbox 2.0 Prototype.
		Table of Contents
		Task#1 Scenario
Dec 1 (6 hours)
    Prepared the user testing testing question. Meet up with the group. Gave every participant a copy and conducted user testing. presentation preparation and worked on the final report.
    
Dec 2 (2.5 hours)
    Work finishing on the final presentation. Meet up with the group to rehearse presentation and presented a portion of the final presentation.
    
Dec 5 (4.5 hours)
    Worked on various section on the final report: such as Table of contents, Mockup User Testing and Prototype Mockup User Testing Results
	
